[dotenv@17.3.1] injecting env (39) from .env.local -- tip: 🛡️ auth for agents: https://vestauth.com

=== 3D & Animation (6 tools) ===
  Cartoonize AI (cartoonize-ai) — An AI tool that converts your photos, landscapes, or animals into cartoon (comic
  Klyps (klyps-ai-tool-that-turns-product-images-into-studio-quality-videos) — AI tool for converting product images into professional videos.
  Nano Imagine (nano-imagine) — An ultra-fast image generator that converts your prompts into studio-quality ill
  PXZ Video Generator (pxz-video-generator) — Create images and videos for free by combining several popular models (Kling, Ru
  Roblox Cube Model (roblox-cube-model) — A 3D model that generates interactive 4D objects (cars with spinning wheels, aut
  Sharp Apple (sharp-apple) — An open source project from Apple that generates a photorealistic 3D representat

=== AI Chat & Assistants (56 tools) ===
  Aegis (aegis) — Runtime policy enforcement for AI agents. Cryptographic audit trail, human-in-th
  affiliate-skills (affiliate-skills) — AI-powered Claude Skills for affiliate marketers. Full funnel: research → conten
  agency-agents-zh (agency-agents-zh) — 180 个即插即用的 AI 专家人设（中文版）— 覆盖 17 个部门，支持 Claude Code / OpenClaw / Cursor / Trae 等 1
  Agent-Reach (agent-reach) — Give your AI agent eyes to see the entire internet. Read & search Twitter, Reddi
  AgentRoast (ai-tool-that-brutally-roasts-your-ai-agent-ideas) — Submit a problem and get your AI agent ideas roasted with direct feedback.
  ai-engineering-interview-questions (ai-engineering-interview-questions) — Your Cheat Sheet for AI Engineering Interview – Questions and Answers.
  alphaclaw (alphaclaw) — The ultimate setup harness for OpenClaw. Deploy in minutes. Stay running for mon
  antfly (antfly) — Open source Go tool by antflydb
  Anthropic-Cybersecurity-Skills (anthropic-cybersecurity-skills) — 734+ structured cybersecurity skills for AI agents · MITRE ATT&CK mapped · agent
  awesome-ai-agents-2026 (awesome-ai-agents-2026) — 🤖 The most comprehensive list of AI agents, frameworks & tools in 2026. 300+ re
  awesome-codex-subagents (awesome-codex-subagents) — A collection of 130+ specialized Codex subagents covering a wide range of develo
  awesome-openclaw-usecases-zh (awesome-openclaw-usecases-zh) — 🇨🇳 OpenClaw（个人智能体）中文最佳用例大全 | 40 个真实场景（国内特色 + 海外的国内生态适配）：自动化办公、内容创作、服务器运维、个人助理、
  awesome-opensource-ai (awesome-opensource-ai) — Curated list of the best truly open-source AI projects, models, tools, and infra
  ChatGPT (chatgpt) — The most widely used AI assistant for conversation, research, coding, and creati
  ChatGPT Shopping (chatgpt-shopping) — Turn ChatGPT into a shopping assistant: the tool asks questions, compares produc
  Claude-Code-x-OpenClaw-Guide-Zh (claude-code-x-openclaw-guide-zh) — 从零到企业实战：Claude Code 官方编程神器 + OpenClaw 224K Stars 开源AI助手 | 双顶流中文教程 | 21篇教程 130000
  Clawith (clawith) — OpenClaw for Teams
  clawpanel (clawpanel) — 🦀 OpenClaw 可视化管理面板 — 内置 AI 助手（工具调用 + 图片识别 + 多模态），一键安装配置，跨平台桌面应用 | Built-in AI A
  cli (cli) — Google Workspace CLI — one command-line tool for Drive, Gmail, Calendar, Sheets,
  codex_auto_register (codex-auto-register) — Codex注册机
  danghuangshang (danghuangshang) — AI 朝廷搭建完整教程 - 从零基础到进阶
  DeepSeek (deepseek) — Deepseek's open source LLM with 671 billion parameters specializing in mathemati
  Fastbots (fastbots) — FastBots is a no-code platform for building AI-powered chatbots trained on your 
  Gemini (gemini) — Google's most intelligent multimodal model: advanced reasoning, deep contextual 
  goclaw (goclaw) — Multi-agent AI gateway with teams, delegation & orchestration. Single Go binary,
  Grok (grok) — The upgraded version of Grok 4, with hallucinations reduced by 3 times, superior
  holysheep-cli (holysheep-cli) — 🐑 One command to configure all AI coding tools — Claude Code, Codex, Gemini CLI
  human-skill-tree (human-skill-tree) — 🌳 AI-Powered Skill Tree for Lifelong Human Learning. 30+ skills from K-12 to ca
  ISC-Bench (isc-bench) — ISC-Bench: Internal Safety Collapse in Frontier LLMs | JailbreakArena | 56 TVD t
  llmfit (llmfit) — Hundreds of models & providers. One command to find what runs on your hardware.
  LTX-Desktop (ltx-desktop) — An open-source desktop app for generating videos with LTX models
  memory-lancedb-pro (memory-lancedb-pro) — Enhanced LanceDB memory plugin for OpenClaw — Hybrid Retrieval (Vector + BM25), 
  MetaClaw (metaclaw) — 🦞 Just talk to your agent — it learns and EVOLVES 🧬.
  Mistral AI (mistral-ai) — European AI lab building open and commercial frontier language models
  myNeutron AI Memory (myneutron-ai-memory) — Keep your notes, emails, and web pages in one place that you can access with jus
  nexu (nexu) — The simplest desktop client for OpenClaw 🦞 — bridge your Agent to WeChat, Feish
  omlx (omlx) — LLM inference server with continuous batching & SSD caching for Apple Silicon — 
  openclaw-master-skills (openclaw-master-skills) — 🧠 Curated collection of 339+ best OpenClaw skills — weekly updated by MyClaw.ai
  openclaw-nerve (openclaw-nerve) — Real-time web cockpit for OpenClaw: voice conversations, agent automated kanban 
  opencli (opencli) — Make Any Website & Tool Your CLI. A universal CLI Hub and AI-native runtime. Tra
  openfang (openfang) — Open-source Agent Operating System
  Otter.ai (otter-ai) — Real-time AI Transcription & Smart Meeting Summaries
  PersonalStyleAI-Framework- (personalstyleai-framework) — Let AI think and express like you. This framework provides a complete assembly l
  picolm (picolm) — Run a 1-billion parameter LLM on a $10 board with 256MB RAM
  prompt-master (prompt-master) — A Claude skill that writes the accurate prompts for any AI tool. Zero tokens or 
  Qwen (qwen) — This large multimodal model combines text, vision, and interface interaction in 
  RCLI (rcli) — Talk to your Mac, query your docs, no cloud required. On-device voice AI + RAG
  ReadyRunner (readyrunner-ai-chat-tool-for-productivity-on-your-desktop) — Desktop AI assistant using ChatGPT for writing, coding, learning, and productivi
  skill.color-expert (skill-color-expert) — Agent skill for color science expertise. 113 references covering color spaces, a
  SocialOmni (socialomni) — Benchmarking Audio-Visual Social Interactivity in Omni Models
  SocratiCode (socraticode) — Enterprise-grade (40m+ lines) codebase intelligence in a zero-setup, private and
  synaps-cad (synaps-cad) — The AI-powered 3D CAD IDE — edit code, visualize in 3D, and reshape your designs
  talkio (talkio) — Local-first multi-AI group chat desktop app — pull gpt, Claude, Gemini, DeepSeek
  WeDLM (wedlm) — A Tencent diffusion language model capable of producing multiple tokens in paral
  Writesonic (writesonic-ai) — AI-Powered SEO Writer for Blogs, Ads & Product Descriptions
  zhtw-mcp (zhtw-mcp) — A linguistic linter for Traditional Chinese (zh-TW)

=== AI SuperTools (2 tools) ===
  AiPlacard (aiplacard-ai-tools-directory) — Discover over 3000 AI tools in a curated directory.
  Aitooltrek (ai-tool-trek-another-ai-tool-directory) — A directory for discovering and categorizing AI tools.

=== Audio & Music (24 tools) ===
  AI Song Creator App (ai-song-creator-app) — Turn your ideas into music tracks up to 8 minutes long with custom genre, instru
  AI Song Maker Io (ai-song-maker-io) — AI Song Maker is an AI-powered music creation tool that aids in the generation o
  AirMusic (airmusic) — An all-in-one AI music generator with many tools: voice cloning, vocal remover, 
  BeatViz AI (beatviz-ai) — A smart studio for creating music videos synchronized to your audio, via a promp
  Create Music AI (create-music-ai) — Turn a description into a complete song (lyrics + instrumental). You'll also fin
  Descript (descript-ai) — Edit Video & Audio as Easily as a Text Document
  DeVoice (devoice) — Convert any audio or video to plain text with unlimited AI transcription and no 
  ElevenLabs (elevenlabs) — The Worlds Most Realistic AI Speech & Video Dubbing
  Gemini 3.1 Pro (gemini-31-pro) — A Google AI model capable of handling complex tasks involving text, images, audi
  Irodori-TTS (irodori-tts) — A Flow Matching-based Text-to-Speech Model with Emoji-driven Style Control
  Lovo.ai (lovo-ai) — Award-winning AI Voice Generator with 500+ Realistic Voices
  Lyria (lyria) — This AI music model creates 30-second tracks with vocals, lyrics, and instrument
  Lyrics to Song AI (lyrics-to-song-ai) — Turn your lyrics into complete songs with vocals, instruments, and arrangements 
  MakeBestMusic (makebestmusic) — Generate music tracks from a prompt or lyrics, with a choice of styles, tempo, a
  MusicAI (musicai) — Create original songs in seconds using a description, mood, or lyrics. You can a
  MusicArt (musicart) — Stop searching through sound banks. Just describe the music playing in your mind
  Noiz Agent (noiz-agent) — Create podcasts, audiobooks, and videos with cinematic emotional voice cloning t
  OpenMusic AI (openmusic-ai) — Generate studio-quality music and vocal tracks for TikTok, YouTube, or Spotify: 
  Podsee (podsee-ai-tool-for-podcast-listeners) — AI tools for generating transcripts, summaries, and mindmaps from podcasts.
  Song Maker AI (song-maker-ai) — A platform that helps you compose songs by generating melodies, chords, and rhyt
  Speechify (speechify-ai) — The #1 AI Voice Reader for PDFs, Web & Docs
  Suno (suno) — AI music generator that creates full songs with vocals from text prompts
  Text to Song (text-to-song) — A generator that creates a complete song from a few lines of text. You choose th
  Udio (udio) — AI music creation platform for generating high-quality songs and instrumentals

=== Automation (15 tools) ===
  Atoms (atoms) — This powerful platform transforms an idea into a complete web application. A tea
  Clanker Talk (clanker-talk) — AI handles phone calls for tasks like checking wait times and booking appointmen
  Claude Opus 4.5 (claude-opus-45) — Anthropic's premium model for code, agents, and computer use: hybrid reasoning (
  CsworkflowConsciousstage (ai-tool-that-builds-and-deploys-n8n-workflows-from-a-single-prompt) — Build and deploy n8n workflows from a single prompt.
  Fillapp (free-ai-tool-that-fills-web-forms-from-plain-text) — Automates form filling and browser tasks using AI in your Chrome browser.
  Komos Ai Browser Automation Rpa (komos-ai-browser-automation-rpa) — Komos is an AI automation platform for enterprise teams. Instead of writing scri
  Lindy (lindy) — Lindy is an AI assistant designed to simplify and streamline personal and profes
  Manus Browser Operator (manus-browser-operator) — Give complex tasks to an agent that controls your browser, fills out forms, and 
  Nemovideo (nemovideo) — Create viral videos in minutes by following simple instructions or importing you
  Raccoon AI (raccoon-ai) — Raccoon AI is the one collaborative AI agent that can handle it all and does rea
  ReelMate AI (reelmate-ai) — Generate 1080p HD videos from text or images using a fully automated workflow po
  Refly.ai (reflyai) — Automate your daily tasks by creating visual workflows, without code, powered by
  TGDesk (tgdesk) — Put Telegram to work for your business. Manage multiple accounts, automate bulk 
  Vibe Architect (vibe-architect) — Connect your Lovable mockups to a real backend without having to code. Create AI
  WhatsApp Schedule Message (whatsapp-schedule-message) — Schedule WhatsApp messages in advance for a specific date and time so you never 

=== Avatars & Personas (1 tools) ===
  TuckMeIn (tuckmein) — Generates personalized children's bedtime stories starring your child.

=== Business & Marketing (46 tools) ===
  AdMakeAI (admakeai) — Stop guessing which ads will work. This all-in-one platform spies on your compet
  Agent TARS (agent-tars) — A free and open-source desktop agent that can control your computer and browser 
  Aimy Ads (aimy-ads) — Launch and manage your advertising campaigns on Google, Meta, TikTok, etc. Use a
  Averi AI (averi-ai) — Averi is the AI content engine built for startups.
  BigIdeasDB (bigideasdb) — An AI-powered platform that analyzes millions of Reddit posts, G2 reviews, Capte
  Chatplayground AI (chatplayground-ai) — Compare the best AI models including ChatGPT-5, Google Gemini 2.5, Claude 4 Sonn
  Columns (columns) — Columns: AI-Powered Data Visualization Made Simple
  Competitor Analyzer (competitor-analyzer) — Competitor Analyzer is a lightweight competitor intelligence platform that monit
  Cora Intelligence (cora-intelligence) — Cora Intelligence is an AI-powered Sales Development Representative (AI SDR) des
  Denovo (denovo) — Denovo is an AI platform that turns raw ideas into fully operational businesses 
  Didoo AI (didoo-ai) — Turn your product link into high-performance Meta ads optimized 24/7 by AI. This
  Docanalyzer AI (docanalyzer-ai) — docAnalyzer.ai is an AI-powered platform that interacts with your documents of v
  Evalyze (evalyze) — Evalyze AI is designed to automate startup fundraising processes. Key functional
  Free WhatsApp Bulk Sender (free-whatsapp-bulk-sender) — Send personalized WhatsApp campaigns without saving contacts, import CSV lists, 
  Ghostwall (ghostwall) — Ghostwall is an AI tool designed to protect your ad budget from fraudulent activ
  Groas (groas) — groas is NOT another marketing 'tool' to make humans better at their job. It's a
  Hedy AI (hedy-ai) — Unlock the cheat code for meetings with Hedy. This AI genius whispers real-time 
  Holo AI (holo-ai) — Paste your website URL and automatically get ad copy, video scripts, and headlin
  Illumi One (illumi-one) — illumi is the Context Layer for AI-assisted knowledge work. It provides a multip
  Intuo (intuo) — Most sales reps know they should stay on top of industry news. But between scann
  Jason AI (jason-ai) — Jason AI is a conversational AI tool focused on enhancing B2B sales processes. I
  Jobbyo (jobbyo) — Hi, I'm Jobbyo — your personal job hunter. I find, apply, and follow up on jobs 
  Jobgpt By 6figr (jobgpt-by-6figr) — Landing job interviews while you sleep?
  Landing Page AI Builder (landing-page-ai-builder) — Create stunning AI landing pages in seconds with our free AI website builder. Fa
  Leadde AI (leadde-ai) — A tool to transform your documents (DOC, PDF, PPT) into multilingual training vi
  Leania (leania) — See where your workflows, tools, and manual work are slowing your business down 
  Lightfield (lightfield) — The founders of Lightfield pivoted away from a viral AI presentation tool with 2
  Mockuplabs.ai (mockuplabsai) — Create realistic product mockups for posters, packaging, or T-shirts from an ima
  Nexos.ai (nexosai) — Centralize models and tools in a secure workspace, compare results side by side,
  Nextify.ai (nextifyai) — Quickly generate advertising videos (and UGC) from a simple idea or product phot
  Notis AI (notis-ai) — Notis is the AI intern that lives in your messaging apps and works like a small,
  Pipedrive (pipedrive) — Sales management tool designed to track every opportunity, from initial contact 
  PostWizard AI (postwizard-ai) — This AI assistant helps you write effective posts for X (Twitter) You provide yo
  Preuve AI (preuve-ai) — You're about to spend months building something. But will anyone pay for it?
  Promptessor (promptessor) — PrompTessor is a comprehensive platform for analyzing, improving, and optimizing
  Promptfix (promptfix) — Analyze, improve, and rewrite AI prompts instantly. PromptFix scores prompts, su
  Recall (recall) — Your personal AI encyclopedia. Turn scattered information into a self-organizing
  Reztune (reztune) — We're super excited to share Reztune with you all.
  SketchBubble AI (sketchbubble-ai) — Turns your ideas, text, or documents into stunning presentations in seconds - pe
  The Mumble App (the-mumble-app) — Mumble Note is an AI notetaker designed to be the fastest way to capture your sc
  Theo (theo) — The only brief that maps positioning territories, strategic actions, and defensi
  ToolsAI (toolsai-ai-quotes-for-blue-collar-businesses) — Generate professional service quotes for blue-collar businesses like HVAC and pl
  Upmetrics AI (upmetrics-ai) — Turn your idea into a successful business. This tool writes your business plan, 
  Warmup Tool (warmup-tool) — Avoid having your new WhatsApp accounts blocked. This tool simulates natural hum
  Younet (younet) — The one platform for building the next generation of business powered by AI agen
  Z AI (z-ai) — Z.ai is an AI-driven chatbot utility that assists individuals in various tasks s

=== Coding & Development (51 tools) ===
  2 VIDEO (2-video) — Quickly generate clips from text or images by choosing the duration, format, and
  Agentic AI coding tool that's easy to use, transparent and customizable (agentic-ai-coding-tool-thats-easy-to-use-transparent-and-customizable) — AI coding tool for easy, transparent, and customizable development assistance.
  AIGNE DocSmith (aigne-docsmith) — Automatically generate and update your codebase documentation with AI agents tha
  Appdeploy (appdeploy) — AppDeploy is an AI-assisted tool designed to allow users to deploy applications 
  ATS Resume Checker (ats-resume-checker) — Analyze how compatible your resume is with recruiters' ATS systems. This AI tool
  Biela Dev (biela-dev) — Stop learning to code. Start building.
  Bolt.new (bolt-new) — AI code editor that builds and deploys full-stack web apps in the browser
  Claude Code (claude-code) — Work with Claude directly in your code base from the terminal, VS Code, JetBrain
  ClickUp Agents (clickup-agents) — Automate your work with AI agents that answer questions, generate weekly reports
  Cocoon (cocoon) — Run your GPU workloads in a confidential environment protected by Intel TDX (wit
  code-review-graph (code-review-graph) — Local knowledge graph for Claude Code. Builds a persistent map of your codebase 
  Codeflying (codeflying) — Turn your idea into a complete application by simply describing it. Get the fron
  CodeRabbit (coderabbitai-powered-tool-streamlining-code-reviews) — AI tool that reduces code review time and bugs for development teams.
  Codingfleet (codingfleet) — CodingFleet provides AI-driven tools designed specifically to streamline your co
  Crazycontext (an-ai-coding-tool-for-unserious-projects) — Generate and build creative coding project ideas quickly.
  CreateWAlink (createwalink) — Create direct links in seconds that open a WhatsApp conversation without saving 
  Cursor Editor (cursor-editor) — The AI-First Code Editor Built for Speed & Efficiency
  Devin Pro (devin-pro) — The First Fully Autonomous AI Software Engineer
  Devstral2 Mistral (devstral2-mistral) — Code faster with two open-source models (1.3B and 123B parameters) and a CLI age
  Fabricate (fabricate) — Fabricate turns a simple text prompt into a fully working, deployed web applicat
  Floot (floot) — Floot is an AI-based platform designed to assist entrepreneurs in building web a
  Gemini 3 Flash (gemini-3-flash) — Enjoy professional-level intelligence with extreme speed and efficiency (and at 
  GitHub Copilot (github-copilot) — AI pair programmer that suggests code completions and entire functions
  GitPulse (gitpulse-ai-powered-tool-to-discover-open-source-projects) — AI tool for analyzing GitHub repositories and discovering open source contributi
  Gologin Cloud Browser (gologin-cloud-browser) — A cloud browser designed for AI agents and automation workflows, with persistent
  Google Antigravity (google-antigravity) — The next generation of AI development platforms (IDEs) powered by Google's Gemin
  Google Titans+MIRAS (google-titansmiras) — An AI architecture with integrated long-term memory, selective updating based on
  GPT 5.3 Codex (gpt-53-codex) — An autonomous coding agent that works for hours on complex projects. You can int
  Grok 4.20 (grok-420) — This version of Grok brings together four professor-level agents who reason toge
  InfronAI (infronai) — A centralized platform that allows you to operate, monitor, and connect multiple
  IQuest-Coder-V1 (iquest-coder-v1) — An open-source model with 40 billion parameters specializing in code that outper
  Jolt (jolt-ai-coding-tool-for-production-100k-line-codebases) — AI tool for coding in production environments with large codebases.
  Kimi K2.5 (kimi-k25) — An open-source multimodal model with 1T parameters and a swarm agent orchestrati
  Lovable (lovable) — AI-powered full-stack app builder from natural language prompts
  MiniMax (minimax) — An open-source model optimized for autonomous coding that rivals Claude Sonnet 4
  MiniMax M2.5 (minimax-m25) — An LLM model that handles complex reasoning, agents, tools, and long contexts. I
  OpenClaw (openclaw) — A locally hosted open-source personal AI assistant (Mac/Windows/Linux) with pers
  Pieces for Developers (pieces-for-developers) — AI-powered code snippet manager with contextual copilot across your workflow
  Qwen3-TTS (qwen3-tts) — Clone any voice in 3 seconds and generate natural speech in multiple languages (
  Replit (replit) — AI-powered cloud IDE that builds, deploys, and hosts apps from prompts
  Rocket (rocket) — Rocket is a vibe solutioning platform that transforms a single prompt into a ful
  Safenew AI (safenew-ai) — Turn your AI-generated texts into natural writing, just like a human would write
  Sherlocks AI (sherlocks-ai) — AI Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) teammates that monitor systems 24/7.
  Sketchflow.ai (sketchflowai) — Turn an idea, description, or reference image into a complete web or mobile inte
  T5Gemma 2 (t5gemma-2) — A family of open-source encoder-decoder models with 2 to 9 billion parameters, b
  ToolsWebcrumbs (ai-tool-to-build-interactive-dashboards-with-drag-and-drop) — Build interactive dashboards using drag and drop with AI-generated code.
  v0 by Vercel (v0-by-vercel) — AI-powered development agent that generates production React and Next.js code
  Vibecode.dev (vibecodedev) — Create native iOS and Android mobile apps directly from your phone by simply des
  Webcrumbs (ai-tool-is-now-supporting-react-angular-css-svelte-vue) — Generate frontend code from prompts for React, Angular, CSS, Svelte, and Vue.
  Windsurf (windsurf) — AI-powered code editor with deep codebase understanding and agentic flows
  YouWare (youware) — Turn your idea into a fully functional website or application with a single prom

=== Customer Support (3 tools) ===
  Chatterbox Turbo (chatterbox-turbo) — Recreate a voice from 5 seconds of audio and produce real-time speech synthesis 
  New Dialogue (new-dialogue) — Private AI assistance designed to improve teamwork within enterprises.
  Rosie AI (rosie-ai) — An on-call operator available day and night who takes your calls, answers questi

=== Data & Analytics (7 tools) ===
  Appark (appark) — Quickly decipher the mobile app market with AI. Analyze trends, spy on your comp
  ClarityPage (claritypage) — Delivers breaking news summaries designed to be free from media bias.
  Face Shape Detector (face-shape-detector) — Upload a photo of your face and receive an analysis of your face shape (square, 
  FaceFinder (facefinder) — Send a photo of a face to find potential profiles on social networks and website
  Impira (ai-tool-to-automatically-extract-data-from-images-and-scanned-documents) — Extracts data from images and scanned documents using AI.
  MarketMind AI (marketmind-ai) — Autonomous agents for predictive marketing.
  StockNewsAI (stocknewsai) — Analyzes stock market news to provide actionable insights.

=== Dating & Social (1 tools) ===
  DatePhotosAI (datephotosai) — Get between 80 and 180 ultra-realistic profile photos for Tinder, Bumble, or Hin

=== Design & UI (36 tools) ===
  AI Background Remover (ai-background-remover) — Remove the background from your videos without a green screen or expensive equip
  AI Color Analysis (ai-color-analysis) — Upload a photo and AI will determine your color season (12 seasons), skin undert
  AI Image Editor (ai-image-editor) — Don't let a small detail ruin your perfect photo. Remove an intruder, erase the 
  AI Landing Page (ai-landing-page) — Generate landing pages quickly with AI: simple, fast, and effective. SEO-ready, 
  AI Vector (ai-vector) — Instantly convert your images (PNG, JPG, or JPEG) into clean, scalable SVG vecto
  Airbrush (airbrush) — Quickly remove the background from your photos and get professional transparent 
  AnyLogoGenerator (anylogogenerator) — Quickly create professional logos by entering a few keywords and style preferenc
  BeautyPlus Image Enhancer (beautyplus-image-enhancer) — Improve the quality of your photos online with automatic adjustments that enhanc
  BrandInAMinute  (brandinaminute-ai-tool-to-generate-a-full-brandkit-in-under-a-minute) — AI tool that generates a complete brand kit with logo, templates, and guidelines
  Butterflai (ai-tool-for-interior-designers-and-architects) — Automate product images, videos, and SEO copy for e-commerce to boost sales and 
  Canva (canva) — Design platform with AI-powered tools for graphics, presentations, and video
  Caricature Maker (caricature-maker) — Turn your photos into fun caricatures with AI: different styles, cartoon or arti
  ColorPage Lab (colorpage-lab) — Create coloring pages from text or images you upload, with crisp outlines suitab
  Cutmuse (cutmuse-ai-tool-for-haircut-recommendations-by-face-shape) — AI-powered recommendations for hairstyles, colors, and glasses based on your fac
  Echo Now AI (echo-now-ai) — Intelligent Slack summaries designed to help users reclaim their day.
  EnhancePhoto AI (enhancephoto-ai) — Enhance your photos for free up to 16K resolution. AI removes blur and enhances 
  Face Swap AI (face-swap-ai) — This tool allows you to swap faces in high definition on your photos and videos,
  iPage.AI (ipageai) — Create and sell professional coloring pages in bulk. Convert text or photos, hig
  JoyFun AI (joyfun-ai) — Turn text or images into short, dynamic clips directly from your browser (no reg
  Kirkify AI (kirkify-ai) — Turn a photo into a “Kirkified” image inspired by the wave of viral memes in jus
  Klodsy (klodsy) — Transform your physical wardrobe into a digital platform with virtual fitting th
  Meta SAM 3D (meta-sam-3d) — Reconstruct objects and humans in 3D from a simple photo: SAM 3D Objects creates
  Modelfy 3D (modelfy-3d) — Convert your 2D images into high-precision 3D models (up to 300,000 polygons) re
  Photiu (photiu) — Easily remove the background from your photos with AI precision (up to 4K). Make
  Photo Editor AI (photo-editor-ai) — Edit and enhance your photos directly in your browser (no registration required)
  PhotoCat Image Extender (photocat-image-extender) — Enlarge your images or their backgrounds while maintaining sharpness and detail 
  PixPretty AI Photo Editor (pixpretty-ai-photo-editor) — An easy-to-use photo editor that instantly removes backgrounds, retouches portra
  Png AI (png-ai) — Quickly generates PNG images from simple descriptions or existing files, with su
  ReadPartner (readpartner) — A media intelligence suite designed for businesses to track trends.
  Remove Watermarks MarkGone (remove-watermarks-markgone) — Quickly remove unwanted watermarks from your photos and images online. You can a
  Sketch To (sketch-to) — Convert a photo into different sketch styles (pencil, ink, watercolor, comic, et
  UX Pilot AI (ux-pilot-ai) — Create mockups, wireframes, and product screens in minutes with a simple prompt.
  Video Watermark Remover (video-watermark-remover) — Instantly remove annoying logos, text, or watermarks from your videos. This tech
  Vidmage (vidmage) — Swap faces in your photos, videos, and GIFs in seconds with AI detection. Enjoy 
  Websiteroast (fun-ai-tool-to-roast-your-website) — AI tool that humorously critiques your website's design and content.
  WriteHybrid AI Humanizer (writehybrid-ai-humanizer) — AI that rewrites your texts to achieve a more fluid and natural style, adapted t

=== E-commerce (4 tools) ===
  Costdown (ai-tool-that-helps-you-shop-using-lower-priced-search-terms) — Helps you find lower-priced products by suggesting optimized search terms.
  Listagrow AI (listagrow-ai) — Automate the integration and optimization of your product listings by transformi
  Product Link To Video (product-link-to-video) — Instantly turn any product link into a viral video ad. Simply paste the URL of y
  Shopify SimGym (shopify-simgym) — Simulate the buyer experience on your Shopify store with AI profiles that browse

=== Education & Learning (20 tools) ===
  Deeptutor (deeptutor) — DeepTutor is an AI-powered Personalized Learning Assistant designed to transform
  Edubrain AI (edubrain-ai) — Solve your homework problems by getting detailed, step-by-step answers. Upload a
  Esotericai (esotericai) — esotericAI is a unique tool designed to apply artificial intelligence technology
  Goai (goai) — Your Personal AI Investment Analyst.
  Google Skills (google-skills) — Access over 3,000 courses, AI certifications from Google Cloud, DeepMind, and Gr
  Grain AI (grain-ai) — Create fun and interactive lessons in 60 seconds with over ten ready-to-use reso
  Kin Personal AI (kin-personal-ai) — Kin is a privacy-first AI advisory platform that gives you five specialized AI a
  Learn Place AI Assistant (learn-place-ai-assistant) — Get a 100% personalized learning experience that builds on what you already know
  Marketalerts (marketalerts) — AI monitoring for your stocks 24/7.
  Math AI (math-ai) — Solve your equations and exercises step by step by entering a problem or uploadi
  Mexty (mexty) — Build interactive training modules without any technical skills. This tool turn 
  Outfit Fm (outfit-fm) — Outfit is an innovative AI-powered platform designed to revolutionize product ph
  Pdfdigest (pdfdigest) — research paper → 5-minute video explanation
  Rabbitholes AI (rabbitholes-ai) — RabbitHoles AI is a desktop application designed for deep, multi-threaded conver
  Ruminate (ruminate-ai-reading-tool-for-understanding-hard-things) — AI reader for comprehending EPUB books with on-demand assistance.
  StudyBuddy (studybuddy-ai-study-tool) — AI tool for summarizing documents and generating study aids like flashcards and 
  Teediy (teediy) — TeeDIY is an online platform that enables users to create custom apparels, parti
  Vertech Academy (vertech-academy) — Improve your grades in 60 days.
  WikiTimeline (wikitimeline-ai-powered-tool-to-visualize-and-compare-timelines) — Convert Wikipedia articles into interactive timelines for visualization and comp
  X Pilot AI (x-pilot-ai) — X-Pilot revolutionizes course creation by turning your documents into profession

=== Email & Communication (1 tools) ===
  Superhuman (superhuman) — AI-powered email client that helps you respond faster and stay organized

=== Finance & Accounting (5 tools) ===
  AI Song Creator Pro (ai-song-creator-pro) — Turn your words or ideas into complete music tracks with a choice of style, temp
  Exnge (an-ai-tool-to-build-predictors-for-stock-market-and-crypto) — Build AI predictors for stock market and cryptocurrency trends.
  freqtrade-bot (freqtrade-bot) — Freqtrade — Configuration and management tool for the Freqtrade open-source cryp
  TaxTools AI (taxtools-ai) — Don't let U.S. taxes intimidate you anymore. Access a suite of smart tools that 
  Taylor CPAI by Deduction (taylor-cpai-by-deduction) — A tax assistant who analyzes your income, expenses, and documents to find deduct

=== Healthcare & Medical (6 tools) ===
  ChatGPT Health (chatgpt-health) — A specialized version that helps interpret medical records, prepare for consulta
  Claude Healthcare (claude-healthcare) — An AI solution dedicated to healthcare professionals that automates prior author
  Freudly AI Therapist (freudly-ai-therapist) — Chat continuously with artificial intelligence specially designed for mental sup
  Google MedASR (google-medasr) — Easily transcribe medical dictations and exchanges between doctors and patients.
  TripleTen Burnout Test (tripleten-burnout-test) — Check your mental health at work with AI. This interactive questionnaire assesse
  Visual Field Test (visual-field-test) — Test your peripheral vision directly online with a series of interactive grids t

=== HR & Recruitment (11 tools) ===
  Claude Opus 4.6 (claude-opus-46) — Anthropic's most powerful model, capable of handling contexts of 1 million token
  Dealism (dealism) — Deploy a specialized WhatsApp AI sales agent that manages your multi-turn conver
  Filmpitch (filmpitch) — This platform helps filmmakers turn a short summary into a real film project. Yo
  Final Round AI (final-round-ai) — Prepare for every stage of an interview with realistic simulations, a database o
  GitCruiter (gitcruiter-ai-tool-that-evaluates-developers-by-github-activity) — AI tool that analyzes GitHub code to evaluate developers' technical skills for h
  HumanFlow (humanflow) — An AI assistant dedicated to recruitment that helps sort resumes, analyze profil
  Interview Q&A AI (interview-qa-ai) — Don't let any question throw you off balance during your interviews. This tool g
  Kogents AI (kogents-ai) — Deploy an army of intelligent agents who work for you 24/7. Give them your custo
  NVIDIA Nemotron 3 (nvidia-nemotron-3) — Build specialized AI agents with a family of open-source models optimized for mu
  UPCV (upcv) — Get more interviews with an AI-optimized resume. This tool writes compelling res
  ZenMux (zenmux) — Access all leading AI models (GPT-5, Claude, Gemini, DeepSeek, Grok-4) through a

=== Image Generation (36 tools) ===
  Aicraft (ai-tool-to-remove-backgroundschange-clothesand-animate-product-photos) — AI for editing product photos: remove backgrounds, change clothes, and animate.
  Aieasyphoto (aieasyphoto) — BestPhotoAI is an AI-powered tool that enhances ordinary photos, transforming th
  Clipfinder (clipfinder) — ClipFinder is an AI-powered tool built for streamers, VTubers, and podcasters wh
  Deevid AI Image (deevid-ai-image) — Generate and edit your images (text or photos) on a single platform: various mod
  Echowrite (echowrite) — EchoWrite is an AI-powered voice dictation software designed for Windows platfor
  Ezeditor Ai Magic Editor (ezeditor-ai-magic-editor) — EzEditor's AI Magic Editor is a powerful AI tool that edits and enhances photos 
  Fliz (fliz) — Fliz.ai 3.0 is the AI video agent that transforms any content into publish-ready
  Flux (flux) — Generate near-photographic images with professional control, consistent multiple
  Gemini Personal Intelligence (gemini-personal-intelligence) — A next-generation mobile AI assistant that truly understands you and performs ta
  Generor (generor) — Access over 40 multimodal generators to create images, videos, music, and voices
  GLM (Zhipu AI) (glm) — An open-source AI image generator with 16 billion parameters that excels at disp
  GPT Image 1.5 (gpt-image-15) — Generate and edit your images directly in ChatGPT. This model is up to 4× faster
  Ideogram (ideogram) — AI image generator with best-in-class text rendering in generated images
  Instawebai (instawebai) — InstaWebAI is an AI-powered tool designed to create professional, multi-page, SE
  Kikivoice (kikivoice) — KikiVoice is a free AI voice cloning platform suitable for creators. The main fu
  Leonardo AI (leonardo-ai) — AI image generation platform for creative professionals with fine-tuned models
  Midjourney (midjourney) — The Gold Standard for Hyper-Realistic Generative AI Art
  Mobile-O (mobile-o) — Mobile-O: Unified Multimodal Understanding and Generation on Mobile Device
  Nano Banana (nano-banana) — Create and edit images with precise text, in multiple languages and according to
  Nano Banana 2 (nano-banana-2) — This AI image technology from Google DeepMind generates or edits images from 512
  Outfica (outfica) — Turn a simple flat image of clothing into a professional fashion visual. Choose 
  Pagesmith AI (pagesmith-ai) — Pagesmith is the content-first AI website builder. While other AI builders focus
  PaintPotion (paintpotion-ai-powered-tool-for-generating-vector-illustrations) — AI tool for generating style-consistent vector illustrations quickly.
  Paraspeech (paraspeech) — Paraspeech is a macOS voice-to-text app that runs entirely on your Apple Silicon
  Pixverse (pixverse) — PixVerse is an AI-powered platform for video creation. Utilizing advanced genera
  Purple Leaf (purple-leaf) — Purple Leaf is an AI-powered platform offering a suite of tools that help users 
  PXZ Image Generator (pxz-image-generator) — Generate images from text or photos by choosing from several styles and output f
  ReelMuse AI (reelmuse-ai) — Centralize all your content creation on a single platform. This all-in-one tool 
  Seedream (seedream) — Generate or edit high-resolution images with a template that keeps characters an
  Seedream 4.5 (seedream-45) — Create professional images with consistent 4K images, detailed typography, and f
  Shutterstock (shutterstock) — The famous image bank now incorporates AI generation. This means you can create 
  Stability AI (stability-ai) — Open-source AI company behind Stable Diffusion image and video generation models
  VISBOOM (visboom) — Generate high-quality product visuals without a traditional photoshoot. Create i
  Voicetype 1745265721 (voicetype-1745265721) — We’re finally launching VoiceType AI.
  Voooai (voooai) — 🌊 Vibe Flow - Natural Language Workflow
  Weshop AI (weshop-ai) — A comprehensive creative studio dedicated to e-commerce that offers virtual fitt

=== Legal & Compliance (3 tools) ===
  Neus AI (neus-ai) — Personalized and interactive AI-powered news summarization.
  Privacyparrot (ai-tool-reads-privacy-policies-tells-you-which-sites-sell-your-info) — Analyzes privacy policies to reveal if websites sell your personal information.
  Vectara (vectara) — Conversational search platform for smarter data queries.

=== News & Information (7 tools) ===
  Boring Report (boring-report) — Removes sensationalism from news to provide information without the noise.
  Colorart (colorart) — Create coloring pages from a simple idea or your own photos, with detailed outli
  Mavis AI (mavis-ai) — Generates SEO-friendly news articles and content in minutes.
  NBot AI (nbot-ai) — A personal AI radar that surfaces important news and research updates.
  NewsGPT (newsgpt) — An AI-generated news platform claiming to be reliable.
  TIMIO News (timio-news) — An AI tool specifically designed to identify and spot fake news.
  WP Now (wp-now) — Provides real-time global news summaries and headlines.

=== Presentations (6 tools) ===
  AiPPT.com (aipptcom) — Generate professional PowerPoint and Google Slides presentations in seconds. Tra
  Beautiful.ai (beautiful-ai) — Presentation Software that Designs Itself with AI
  Decktopus (decktopus) — AI presentation maker that generates professional slide decks in minutes
  Gamma App (gamma-app) — Create Stunning Presentations & Webpages via AI Chat
  Nextdocs Io (nextdocs-io) — NextDocs is an AI-native editor for creating professional documents and slides f
  Tome (tome-ai) — AI-Powered Storytelling & Interactive Presentations

=== Productivity (28 tools) ===
  Affint (affint) — Affint is an AI workspace powered by collaborative agents and deeply integrated 
  AnyToURL (anytourl) — This AI instantly turns any file into a shareable link. Drag and drop to host im
  Apple Creator Studio (apple-creator-studio) — A Creative Suite subscription that includes Final Cut Pro, Pixelmator Pro, Logic
  Axell (axell) — Axell is an AI workspace where you can have dozens of AI chat windows, files & A
  Comet Browser (comet-browser) — AI-powered browser with built-in web research and task automation
  DailyScope AI (dailyscope-ai) — Automatically analyzes global news patterns and themes.
  Disco Google (disco-google) — Experience a new way of browsing with GenTabs, an AI that transforms your open t
  Echoread Ai Reading Companion (echoread-ai-reading-companion) — Stop letting your reading highlights collect dust
  Excelmatic (excelmatic) — Excelmatic is an AI-powered tool designed to enhance the usability of Excel data
  Fireflies.ai (fireflies-ai) — Automate Meeting Notes & Insights Across All Platforms
  GLM-OCR (glm-ocr) — Extract text from any image with this AI-powered optical character recognition. 
  Mem AI (mem-ai) — The world's first AI-powered self-organizing workspace.
  modly (modly) — Desktop app to generate 3D models from images using local AI — runs entirely on 
  NexusRAG (nexusrag) — Hybrid RAG system combining vector search, knowledge graph (LightRAG), and cross
  Nodu AI (nodu-ai) — Nodu AI — Complete Marketing Videos From Product Link to Publish in 30 Minutes
  Notion AI (notion-ai) — Your connected workspace, now with integrated AI intelligence.
  Obsidian AI (obsidian-ai) — Local-first knowledge base with community-driven AI plugins.
  Resolution Builder (resolution-builder) — Helps users build personalized apps to track resolutions.
  Sandbar Stream Ring (sandbar-stream-ring) — Capture your thoughts on the fly, without ever taking out your phone. This discr
  Super Whisper (super-whisper) — Privacy-first local AI transcription.
  Supernormal (supernormal) — Developed by the Supernormal team (trusted for AI tools by 700k+ organizations),
  TaskraSpace (ai-tool-to-make-plan-your-project-and-you-can-download-it-as-pdf) — AI tool for generating detailed project plans and downloading them as PDFs.
  The Librarian (the-librarian) — TheLibrarian.io is a WhatsApp AI Assistant designed to help Master Your Inbox, M
  Ticketify (ticketify) — Ticketify is a specialized AI ticket generator that helps developers streamline 
  Voicenotes (voicenotes) — AI voice recorder that transcribes, summarizes, and organizes your spoken notes
  Wispr Flow (wispr-flow) — AI voice-to-text that types anywhere on your computer as you speak
  Zapier (zapier) — Automate workflows by connecting 7000+ apps with AI-powered automation
  Zerotwo (zerotwo) — Access the complete capabilities of Claude, ChatGPT, Gemini, Perplexity, and mor

=== Real Estate (1 tools) ===
  AI Virtual Staging (ai-virtual-staging) — Enhance your real estate photos by adding furniture, decor, and objects to enhan

=== Research & Analysis (39 tools) ===
  AI-company (ai-company) — AI Team OS — Multi-Agent Team Operating System for Claude Code. 40+ MCP tools, 2
  ai-engineering-from-scratch (ai-engineering-from-scratch) — Learn it. Build it. Ship it for others.
  aimirror (aimirror) — 🚀 200倍速！AI时代的下载神器 | Docker/PyPI/HuggingFace/CRAN 全加速 | 并行分片+智能缓存，让下载飞起来
  Auto-claude-code-research-in-sleep (auto-claude-code-research-in-sleep) — ARIS ⚔️ (Auto-Research-In-Sleep) — Lightweight Markdown-only skills for autonomo
  Career Aptitude Test (career-aptitude-test) — Discover the tech career that suits you best with a structured test that assesse
  CCTV-Smartphone-AI-Monitoring (cctv-smartphone-ai-monitoring) — 本地监控 + AI 视觉 — LAN-based smartphone-powered AI monitoring framework with structu
  DeepSeek Math V2 (deepseek-math-v2) — This model with 685 billion parameters is particularly effective for formal demo
  Diagrimo (diagrimo) — Organize your ideas into clear visuals by converting text into diagrams, infogra
  Espial (espial-ai-tool-to-automate-discovery-and-organization-of-knowledge) — Espial automates the organization and discovery of personal knowledge bases.
  gpu-monitor (gpu-monitor) — Lightweight NVIDIA GPU monitor — alerts on Slack/Discord/Telegram/20 channels wh
  I Doubt News (i-doubt-news) — An AI-powered news analysis and fact-checking platform.
  IdkWhatIsThis (ai-tool-to-find-the-purpose-of-other-websites) — Enter a website URL to learn its purpose and usefulness.
  Liner (liner) — AI-powered search and highlight tool for students and researchers
  LingBot-World (lingbot-world) — An open-source world simulator running at 16 FPS with real-time keyboard/mouse i
  Luckpal (luckpal) — A personalized guide inspired by Eastern metaphysical traditions, offering predi
  ml_forge (ml-forge) — A visual-based graph node editor for training computer vision models.
  Moltbook (moltbook) — A Reddit-style social network reserved for autonomous AI agents who post, commen
  NanoResearch (nanoresearch) — 🦞+🔬: NanoResearch: The Autonomous AI Research Assistant
  Nextis-AIRA-3D (nextis-aira-3d) — Open-source 7DoF 3D-printable robotic arm with LeRobot integration.
  nightingale (nightingale) — Machine learning powered Karaoke app (with scores!)
  Norton Neo Browser (norton-neo-browser) — The first safe AI-native browser designed for secure web browsing.
  NotebookLM (notebooklm) — Google AI notebook that generates insights and audio overviews from your documen
  NVIDIA Earth-2 (nvidia-earth-2) — A planetary digital twin that simulates climate with 2 km resolution using AI. G
  Perplexity AI (perplexity-ai) — AI-powered answer engine that searches the web and cites its sources in real tim
  Perplexity Enterprise (perplexity-enterprise) — AI-Powered Search & Research Engine for High-Growth Teams
  Pixalytica (pixalytica) — Get comprehensive identity verification reports quickly by uploading a photo and
  Prism OpenAI (prism-openai) — A free cloud-based LaTeX workspace that directly integrates GPT-5.2 into scienti
  Project Genie (project-genie) — Create infinite interactive worlds that can be explored in real time with the Ge
  Rocktangle (rocktangle-ai-tool-to-automate-market-researchsaves-10-hoursweek) — AI tool that automates market research by analyzing data points to save up to 10
  sage (sage) — (S)AGE - (Sovereign) Agent Governed Experience
  SIMA 2 (sima-2) — Control an AI agent that learns, reasons, and plays live in virtual 3D worlds: S
  SparkVSR (sparkvsr) — SparkVSR: Interactive Video Super-Resolution via Sparse Keyframe Propagation
  Tavily (tavily) — AI-native search API built for LLMs and AI agents with real-time web access
  timber (timber) — Ollama for classical ML models. AOT compiler that turns XGBoost, LightGBM, sciki
  trump-code (trump-code) — 🔐 AI decoding Trump's posts × stock market | AI 解碼川普推文 × 美股 | AIでトランプ投稿×株式市場を解読
  Voila Voice io (voila-voice-io) — You import a PDF, slides, or a web page, and the platform automatically creates 
  VOMO AI (vomo-ai) — Don't let a single word go unheard. Record your meetings, lectures, or memos and
  Waypoint-1 Overworld (waypoint-1-overworld) — An open-source model that simulates interactive worlds in real time and can be c
  WeatherNext 2 (weathernext-2) — Forecast the weather 8 times faster with this Google DeepMind AI model. Hourly r

=== SEO & Content (8 tools) ===
  AIclicks (aiclicks) — Track your brand visibility in ChatGPT, Gemini, and Perplexity: GEO/AEO monitori
  Azoma (azoma) — Enhance your presence on ChatGPT Shopping, Amazon Rufus, Perplexity, and Google 
  Blogseo (blogseo) — BlogSEO is an artificial intelligence tool designed to increase the organic traf
  Rankin AI (rankin-ai) — An AI tool that shows you where your content appears in AI-generated search resu
  Semrush One (semrush-one) — 7 DAYS FREE Measure and optimize your visibility on Google and in AI responses s
  Seojuice (seojuice) — Seo Juice is an AI-powered tool designed to automate the process of internal SEO
  Wellows (wellows) — Analyze and monitor your brand's visibility in responses from ChatGPT, Gemini, P
  Wordrific (wordrific) — Wordrific is a content creation tool that leverages AI to help B2B content teams

=== Social Media (2 tools) ===
  BirdbrainBio (ai-tool-to-guess-your-personality-from-your-tweets) — This AI tool analyzes your tweets to estimate personality traits.
  Inboundr (ai-tool-to-grow-founder-brand) — Helps companies and employees create authentic LinkedIn content to drive brand a

=== Translation (6 tools) ===
  ChatGPT Translate (chatgpt-translate) — Translate text, voice, and images in over 50 languages with contextual tone adju
  FalcoCut (falcocut) — A powerful AI platform dedicated to automated video marketing creation from text
  Image Translate AI (image-translate-ai) — Instantly translate text from an image while preserving the original layout. Com
  Machine Translation (machine-translation) — MachineTranslation.com: SMART, consensus-driven translations across 270+ languag
  Speakz (ai-dub-tool-i-made-to-watch-foreign-language-videos-with-my-7-year-old) — Dub videos into multiple languages while preserving original voices and timing.
  TranslateGemma (translategemma) — A collection of open-source translation models developed by Google DeepMind cove

=== Travel & Navigation (1 tools) ===
  Travelrank (ai-tool-that-recommends-destinations-based-on-history-of-visits) — Get destination recommendations based on your travel history.

=== Video Generation (49 tools) ===
  AdsTurbo AI Ads (adsturbo-ai-ads) — A solution designed for e-commerce brands that want to quickly create high-perfo
  AI FaceSwap Tool Demo [video] (ai-faceswap-tool-demo-video) — Demonstrates AI face swapping for videos.
  AI Video Enhancer Online (ai-video-enhancer-online) — Enhance video clarity, reduce noise, and upscale resolution up to 4K with specia
  AIimageToVideo.pro (aiimagetovideopro) — Bring your photos to life with realistic cinematic videos and natural physics. T
  Amazon Nova (amazon-nova) — Explore a range of height multimodal AI models created by Amazon. Generate text,
  AVCLabs Video Blur AI (avclabs-video-blur-ai) — Automatically blur faces, license plates, backgrounds, or remove unwanted object
  Deep Swap AI (deep-swap-ai) — Create hyperrealistic video montages by replacing any face. This AI deals with c
  Depth Anything 3 (depth-anything-3) — Estimate depth and reconstruct 3D scenes from one or more images: video, SLAM, G
  Ernie 5.0 (ernie-50) — Baidu's native multimodal model, capable of understanding and generating text, i
  FilmFlow (filmflow-ai-powered-tool-for-visualizing-emotional-pulse-of-films) — AI tool for visualizing and analyzing the emotional dynamics of films.
  Findtube.AI (findtubeai) — A search engine dedicated to YouTube videos that can identify a specific passage
  Gling (ai-tool-that-cuts-bloopers-for-youtubers) — AI software for editing YouTube videos by cutting bloopers, removing silences, a
  GoCrazyAI (gocrazyai) — An uncensored AI video and image generation platform offering great creative fre
  GoEnhance Image to Video AI (goenhance-image-to-video-ai) — A powerful all-in-one video and image generation platform. Transform videos, ani
  Helios (helios) — Helios: Real Real-Time Long Video Generation Model
  HeyGen (heygen) — AI video platform for creating professional avatar videos and translations
  HitPaw VikPea (hitpaw-vikpea) — Give your blurry or pixelated videos a new lease on life. This software restores
  HunyuanVideo (hunyuanvideo) — Generate smooth 480p cinematic videos at up to 60 fps from your text prompts. En
  Imgtovid AI (imgtovid-ai) — Bring your photos to life in videos with realistic movements and cinematic effec
  Imini AI (imini-ai) — Generate images and videos from a single platform, animate your images, add voic
  insMind Image to Video (insmind-image-to-video) — Animate your photos into dynamic videos from a prompt or image. Easily create co
  Instories (instories) — Create videos, images, and stories for social media: text-to-video, Reels/TikTok
  Kamo-1 Kinetix (kamo-1-kinetix) — Create videos with full cinematic control using a model that understands and man
  Kling AI (kling-ai) — Advanced video generation up to 3 minutes.
  Kutt AI (kutt-ai) — Produce videos from text or images by defining the mood, visual effects, and out
  Lip Sync AI (lip-sync-ai) — Give any static image a voice. This tool animates faces by precisely synchronizi
  Lip Sync Studio (lip-sync-studio) — Don't let out-of-sync dubbing ruin your content. This tool automatically synchro
  LitVideo (litvideo) — Create AI videos from text, images, or videos, and the platform automatically se
  Live Avatar Alibaba (live-avatar-alibaba) — Create (very) long animated videos featuring talking characters based on your vo
  Live3D AI Face Swap (live3d-ai-face-swap) — Easily swap faces in photos, GIFs, or videos, with unlimited replacements and no
  Luma Dream Machine (luma-dream-machine) — AI video generation model that creates realistic videos from text and images
  Marble by World Labs (marble-by-world-labs) — Create persistent 3D worlds from a prompt, image, or video, edit scenes in real 
  MuseVideo (musevideo) — Don't limit your creativity to just one model: use them all. This studio brings 
  Pika (pika) — AI video generator and editor that creates and modifies videos from text and ima
  Pixazo (pixazo) — Create and edit images or videos online very quickly. This platform combines too
  Runway (runway) — Create cinematic and ultra-realistic videos with physical accuracy, temporal con
  Runway Gen-3 (runway-gen-3) — Next-Gen Cinematic AI Video Synthesis & Motion Control
  Seedance (seedance) — Create complete videos from a simple sentence using AI. You can combine up to 12
  Seedance 1.5 pro (seedance-15-pro) — Create cinematic videos in 1080p with natively synchronized audio from text or i
  Sora (sora) — OpenAIs Advanced Text-to-Video Model for Cinematic Clips
  Syllaby.io (syllabyio) — Create faceless videos with AI avatars and voices. This AI can write the script 
  Synthesia Avatar (synthesia-avatar) — Create AI Video from Text with Realistic Digital Avatars
  Vadu AI (vadu-ai) — An all-in-one platform that makes it easy to use the best video models (Sora, Ve
  Vidaigen (free-ai-tool-makes-viral-cat-diving-clips-in-seconds) — Transform a cat photo into a 5-second HD Olympic diving video in seconds.
  vidflux (vidflux) — Turn your text or images into HD/4K videos with built-in animations, camera move
  Vidi2 (vidi2) — Understand and edit your videos with precise spatio-temporal localization, objec
  Vora (vora) — Generate and enhance Sora videos with fast 4K conversion, watermark removal, and
  Wan2.6 (wan26) — Generate 1080p videos at 24 frames per second with a maximum duration of 15 seco
  Yolly AI (yolly-ai) — Create 4K videos with sound and high-resolution images from text or photos. This

=== Voice & Speech (5 tools) ===
  BlabbyAI Speech to text (blabbyai-speech-to-text) — Write with your voice on any website, with 99% accuracy, in over 90 languages. G
  Celebvoicify (an-ai-tool-that-generates-celebrity-voices-with-matching-lip-sync) — Generate realistic celebrity voices from text with accurate lip sync.
  Murf.ai (murf-ai) — Professional Studio-Quality AI Voiceovers in Minutes
  parakeet.cpp (parakeet-cpp) — Ultra fast and portable Parakeet implementation for on-device inference in C++ u
  Whisper Flow (whisper-flow) — High-speed transcription and formatting tool.

=== Writing & Copywriting (19 tools) ===
  AI Humanizer Tool (ai-humanizer-tool) — The AI Humanizer Tool is a web-based AI tool designed to refine output from AI m
  AIWriteBook (aiwritebook-ai-tool-to-write-design-and-publish-full-length-books) — AI tool for writing, designing, and publishing full-length books.
  Automateed (automateed) — Automateed is an AI-powered ebook creation tool designed to expedite and simplif
  Copy.ai (copy-ai) — The AI Growth Platform for High-Converting Marketing Copy
  Dechecker (dechecker) — A text checker that analyzes writing style to identify passages that may have be
  ElevenLabs Scribe V2 (elevenlabs-scribe-v2) — Get live transcripts with ultra-low latency of 150 ms, support for over 90 langu
  Free AI Writing Tools (free-ai-writing-tools) — Free AI tools for generating and enhancing written content like bios, summaries,
  Ghostpen (ghostpen) — GhostPen is an advanced AI humanizer designed to help students and writers bypas
  GLM 4.7 Flash (glm-47-flash) — A lightweight model created by Z.AI that achieves open-source SOTA among models 
  GLM 5 (glm-5) — This 745B-parameter Mixture-of-Experts model aims for complete agentic intellige
  Grammarly (grammarly) — AI-powered writing assistant for grammar, clarity, and tone
  Jasper Brand Voice (jasper-brand-voice) — AI Marketing Agent that Learns & Writes in Your Brand Voice
  Lullaby.ink (lullabyink) — Write and illustrate personalized books in minutes, with automatic layout and co
  Muses AI (muses-ai) — An intelligent AI writing agent for creating various types of content.
  Superhumanizer (superhumanizer) — SuperHumanizer is an AI tool that humanizes AI-generated text, transforming it i
  TextToHuman (texttohuman) — Transform text generated by ChatGPT, Claude, or Gemini into natural text that by
  Typli.ai (typliai) — Use over 180 tools to generate texts, letters, emails, summaries, or product des
  Vibe  (vibe-ai-tool-to-automate-social-media-content-posting-and-reporting) — Automate social media content creation, scheduling, and reporting across multipl
  Websites.ly (websitesly) — Create your own website by simply describing your idea. ‍ AI will generate the d
